docs: 2026-07-03 changelog (#5189)
neondatabase/website: content/changelog/2026-07-03.md

---
title: Neon CLI enhancements, Neon Storage in the Files SDK, and more
---

## Neon CLI enhancements

> We're continually improving the Neon CLI and the developer experience around it. Recent additions include [branch-first dev loop](https://neon.com/blog/branch-first-dev-loop) (`neon link`, `neon checkout`, and `neon env pull`) commands and [`neon.ts`](/docs/reference/neon-ts), and this week brings a shorter name and two additioanl commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're continually improving the Neon CLI and the developer experience around it. Recent additions include [branch-first dev loop](https://neon.com/blog/branch-first-dev-loop) (`neon link`, `neon checkout`, and `neon env pull`) commands and [`neon.ts`](/docs/reference/neon-ts). This week brings a shorter name plus two additional commands.
```
